everyone's give me one special thing
right everyone is blessed with one
special thing I want you to know I plan
on being a star big bright shining star
[Music]
Jack Horner filmmaker I make it exciting
in 1977 a kid from nowhere maybe think
about your name my name yeah something a
little pizzazz
I had a dream of getting somewhere
Jack Horner has found something special
newcomer Dirk Diggler so let me just pop
in his eight-track and you just give her
this and tell what you think okay it was
a time when disco was king
these are great yeah those aren't really
cool are they blizzard they're Italian
you like my shoes pretty cool sex was
safe
pleasure was a business
and business was booming Award Best
Newcomer goes to
[Music]
goodbye 1979 hello 1980
are you ready but in 1980 the party was
over it's jealousy deceitfulness
it's the diptych miss but I mean God
what can you expect when you're on time
[Music]
New Line Cinema presents a portrait of
two decades in the life of a business
the days of a dreamer
and the nights in between Boogie Nights
[Music]
[Applause]